Funny, this crazy old lady dared to let Su apologize.
Did you know that General Su was a general under the head princess?
Very much loved by Your Majesty.
Dare to touch the tiger's beard
I really don't know how to live and die.
Li Wenxiao, this crazy woman, let us apologize to you.
What do you think?
Does Ben need to apologize to you?
"No, no," my mother-in-law joked.
It's all the son-in-law's fault.
I blame my son for not stopping in time.
Hey, let this bitch get in our way, cover the door.
Your son-in-law should apologize to you.
Go.
Didn't you hurt me enough?
Today is the most important moment in my life.
You're going to keep kidding.
Do you want to see that I have nothing?
Van Hieu
What did you say?
That's how they treat you.
I'll speak for you.
You let me go.
Enough, stop talking.
Go away, Lee Van Hieu, what are you doing?
The wedding is about to begin.
The princess will be here any moment.
Are you going to let this crazy woman ruin our wedding?
Li Wenxiao, if you don't kick her out.
The wedding is no longer necessary.
My father-in-law is angry.
I'm going to kick her out right now.
What a ride on the ground.
The style of work is so strong.
This one.
You can't.
Van Hieu, wake up.
When I give it to you, I will double it for you.
I want you gone.
Go away.